Symantec ATP - Fixed an issue with incidents unable to fetch (#10553)
demisto/content: Packs/Symantec_Advanced_Threat_Protection/ReleaseNotes/1_2_0.md

#### Integrations
##### Symantec Advanced Threat Protection

> - Fixed an issue with incidents unable to fetch. 
> - Added `Query string for fetch incidents` to the parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where fetch incidents was not working, hence added the * Query string for fetch incidents* parameter.
```
